Niche targeting for marketers (#439)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/2024-niche-ad-targeting.md

This gave us a good starting point for targeting ads by topic,
but we wanted to get more granular.

> *Just a quick aside. This post is aimed at developers.
> If you're interested in one aimed at marketers, check out our
> [developer-focused post]({filename}../posts/2024-niche-ad-targeting.md).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This post is written for developers, but if you're interested in how this applies toΩ marketers, check out our
[marketing-focused post]({filename}../posts/2024-niche-ad-targeting.md).*
```
